MSM IMAG 2020 Poster
==============================

This project generates the poster for Interagency Modeling and Analysis Group IMAG wiki - MODELS, TOOLS & DATABASES section. 
It was initially intended for the the MSM/IMAG meeting that was postponed to 2021, and uploaded to represent the model in the IMAG wiki instead.

The presentation is generated using the panel python library

USAGE:
------
* python MSM_IMAG_Poster2020.py
* The following files will be generated:
    - Poster_MSM_ML_IMAG_2020.html 
    - TheReferenceModelHistory_Equations.html
    - TheReferenceModelHistory_Major.html
    - TheReferenceModelHistory_Populations.html

To view the interactive presentation generated by this code visit:
https://jacob-barhak.github.io/Poster_MSM_IMAG_2020.html


INSTALLATION & DEPENDENCIES:
----------------------------
To install:
1. Copy the files in this repository to a directory of choice 
2. Install Anaconda from https://www.anaconda.com/download/
3. install panel: conda install panel bokeh holoviews matplotlib

Dependant libraries are: panel, bokeh, holoviews, matplotlib, some external html files are made with holoviews.


FILES:
------
* MSM_IMAG_Poster2020.py : Code that generates the presentation.
* Images : a directory containing images used to generate the presentation.
* InteractivePoster_MSM_IMAG_2020.html : The presentation file.
* CombinedPlot.html : Redirection file to interactive results plot referenced in the presentation file.
* TheReferenceModelHistory_Equations.html : Interactive history plot focused on number of equations
* TheReferenceModelHistory_Major.html : Interactive history plot focused on major numbers
* TheReferenceModelHistory_Populations.html : Interactive history plot focused on population numbers
* License.txt : the license file


DEVELOPER CONTACT INFO:
-----------------------

Please pass questions to:


Jacob Barhak Ph.D.

jacob.barhak@gmail.com

http://sites.google.com/site/jacobbarhak/





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
-----------------
Special thanks to:
* Philipp Rudiger
* James Bednar
* Jean-Luc Stevens 

They all assisted with panel, bokeh, and holoviews issues.
without their support and development of PyViz visualization tools, this interactive poster would not be possible.


LICENSE
-------

Copyright (C) 2020 Jacob Barhak 


This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.