COMBINE 2020 HoloViz Presentation
===================================

This project generates the presentation for the COMBINE HoloViz tutorial in html format

The presentation is generated using the panel python library

USAGE:
------
* python COMBINE2020_HoloViz.py
* The file Presentation_COMBINE2020_HoloViz.html will be generated

To view the interactive presentation generated by this code visit:
https://jacob-barhak.github.io/Presentation_COMBINE2020_HoloViz.html


INSTALLATION & DEPENDENCIES:
----------------------------
To install:
1. Copy the files in this repository to a directory of choice 
2. Install Anaconda from https://www.anaconda.com/download/
3. install panel: conda install panel bokeh holoviews matplotlib

Dependant libraries are: panel, bokeh, holoviews, matplotlib, some external html files are made with holoviews.


FILES:
------
* COMBINE2020_HoloViz.py : Code that generates the presentation.
* Images : a directory containing images used to generate the presentation.
* tabs_full.html : Self contained demo file generated during presentation.
* tabs_small.html : Efficient small size file generated during presentation. 
* Presentation_COMBINE2020_HoloViz.html : The presentation file.
* License.txt : the license file


DEVELOPER CONTACT INFO:
-----------------------

Please pass questions to:


Jacob Barhak Ph.D.

jacob.barhak@gmail.com

http://sites.google.com/site/jacobbarhak/





ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
-----------------
Special thanks to:
* Philipp Rudiger
* James Bednar
* Jean-Luc Stevens 

They all assisted with panel, bokeh, and holoviews issues.
without their support and development of HoloViz visualization tools, this interactive poster would not be possible.


LICENSE
-------
The COMBINE logo is not subject to the license - please contact COMBINE organizers for usage terms for the COMBINE logo. All other files are provided under the CC0 license.
To the extent possible under law, Jacob Barhak has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to COMBINE 2020 HoloViz Presentation. This work is published from: United States.

